README.md, before:

# Simple Dungeon Game
A tile-based, turn-based RPG with simple mechanics to digitize tabletop gaming for kids. It will feature a procedurally generated game board with monsters to defeat, prisoners to rescue, and treasure to collect.

### Functional Features
- Procedurally-generated game board and enemies
- Players click highlighted tiles to move, click adjacent enemies to attack
- "Rollable" dice (drag-and-drop to get a result)
- "Programmer Art"

### Planned Features
- Add leveling system, including multiple attack options, restricting available dice based on available attacks
- Add collectible items
- Simple enemy AI (enemies will at least move toward players and fight back)
- Multiple enemy difficulty levels
- Better procedural generation (the door and enemy placement are _really_ dumb right now)
- Sprite Animations, Menus/UI, Sounds, Better Art

#### How To Play
- Escape: exit the game
- R: restart the game
- Space: end current player's turn
- W, A, S, D: move around the game board
- Left-click: move current player to a movable tile, or attack an enemy unit
- Left-click-and-drag: when attacking, drag-and-drop one of the available dice to attack roll
- Mousewheel Scroll: zoom in and zoom out

Commit message:

QoL changes
Add variable names to signatures in headers (for better tooltips in VS Code), increase starting window size, add right-click to cancel attack before rolling

README.md, after:

# Simple Dungeon Game
A tile-based, turn-based RPG with simple mechanics to digitize tabletop gaming for kids. It will feature a procedurally generated game board with monsters to defeat, prisoners to rescue, and treasure to collect.

### Functional Features
- Procedurally-generated game board and enemies
- Players click highlighted tiles to move, click adjacent enemies to attack
- "Rollable" dice (drag-and-drop to get a result)
- "Programmer Art"

### Planned Features
- Add leveling system, including multiple attack options, restricting available dice based on available attacks
- Add collectible items
- Simple enemy AI (enemies will at least move toward players and fight back)
- Multiple enemy difficulty levels
- Better procedural generation (the door and enemy placement are _pretty_ dumb right now)
- Sprite Animations, Menus/UI, Sounds, Better Art

#### How To Play
- Escape: exit the game
- R: restart the game
- Space: end current player's turn
- W, A, S, D: move the camera
- Left-click: move current player to a movable tile, or attack an enemy unit
- Left-click-and-drag: when attacking, drag-and-drop one of the available dice to attack roll
- Right-click: cancel pending attack or die roll
- Mousewheel Scroll: zoom in and zoom out
